this is Dominic Dominic works at a
five-star restaurant called the pixel
palace they're some of video games most
popular celebrities pop in to have a
drink sometimes they share stories and
even secrets because as we all know what
the bartender ears is confidential isn't
it
so I'm sitting there telling Bob we're
in walks one of my favorite customers
ever laura croft now I don't need to
tell you why she's my favorite customer
every time she comes in my mushroom gets
hotter than the lost levels on Super
Mario Brothers but I digress so she
comes in and I noticed she she looks a
little different and I asked our sim is
crofton she do something different to
your hair she says no no but there's
definitely something different so what
is it on our I can't put my finger on
she says she called a breast reduction
were like that you gave a pin drop in
the bar because it became so quiet the
only thing I got here as a collective
gasp of men just go you see when law
enters the room everybody listens and
often does other things but i won't go
into that so the idea of her getting a
breast reduction was just shocking and
I'll sit mrs. Croft what what convinced
you to do such a thing she said well I
never wanted it anyway in fact the whole
idea the whole getup and everything it
wasn't my idea I'll say how do you mean
she's as well it all started when I was
just lonely archaeologists and I did not
look like how I do now I a glasses buck
teeth bad hand whole package so she told
me that she read in the paper that they
were looking for female archaeologists
for this game called tomb raider the
only thing is she had to be strong
shared to know martial arts and she had
to know weapons well luckily her father
used to go hunting with Dick Cheney so
she knew all that stuff so she showed up
she was more qualified than most of the
other women there but they said that she
needed to be improved so while he made
approved
there's well axed so what do you mean
announced they said we're gonna make you
more anatomically incorrect at a Barbie
doll she goes oh ok I got it so the
giver makeover the get rid of the
glasses give us some dental work well
obviously the game was a big hit and
they want her to do more but with that
came a certain sacrifice you see they
told her that with every game of press
had to get bigger and in between the
first and second game actually made them
so big that in one level they served as
a flotation device in the river by the
time they were done in looked like she
was hiding to Hindenburg's at me they're
just gigantic she said kids were jumping
on them like they were trampolines they
used to joke that some of the warp zones
for a super mario three were stuck in
her cleavage in fact all other things
working stuck in a cleavage they found
Donkey Kong jr. earthworm jim alucard
from castlevania three so she said
enough is enough when people stop
disappearing in my breasts I like that
too big so she decided to have them
reduced the only downside is the first
time she did they deflated like the
hills before people kept getting lost in
and now people start tripping over so
she finally said all right all right
just get him to a large size but just
not too large and so by the last game
she was here they were finally a decent
size but now she got him even smaller I
meet you practically look flat-chested
and so of course i'd ask acid like what
made you want to make them even smaller
than I mean they were a decent size by
the last game she's will found out about
this code in one of the games well you
could actually play me make it and she
said even though she found out about it
much later that was the final straw for
she just couldn't stand to be a sex
object and nothing else and then sama's
from the other table came over and said
all I know probably similar to that you
want me to track him down you only track
down the guy who did that and I told her
that you you don't want to deal with
that
and then she brought up a point to me I
never thought about before she said you
know you never realized that the smaller
and smaller my breasts get in the games
than less successful the games are I
mean the games just aren't as good as
the first one like every single time I
fresh shrink people just don't pay as
much attention to the gameplay or how to
make it a better game and I'll so no
that's ridiculous i'm sure it's just a
long stroke of bad luck but there didn't
really help airway open the paper with
all there's an advertiser LaVon tomb
raider starring law cross breaths jostle
breasts nothing else it's just a giant
rag going around shooting things and
tried to suffocate them by putting him
in a cleavage will lower look very
destroyed by that I mean absolutely
distraught by the whole thing she then
called Samus back and said oil what
could you do anyway and salmon said
Laura this could be the beginning of a
beautiful friendship you see all strange
things of the vault under seal all
streams things at the pixel palace so
I'll see a long strange things as a
bartender at the pixel palace and that
ain't no lie